Chief Hopkins.
Pascal suggested I use his office.
This is a chief's office. Lieutenant.
I get the feeling you don't
think you have to follow the rules.
Your wife is usually on the
same shift as you. isn't she?
You worked under my father.
I'm telling you.
you got any beef with Benny.
it has nothing to do with me.
I'm gonna stay here at 51
and get rid of the nepotism.
I understand if this means
there's no place for me here.
There was never a place for you
without the battalion chief here.
Now that I'm staying.
you'll be working for me.
not for 51.
It was a one-time deal.
Anything more than that.
it gets complicated.
That cutie must be the one
you have a thing for.
I know you said your thing
for him is just a crush.
but is it possible that.
you know. maybe it's more?
Keeping secrets. even if
the intentions are good.
people can get hurt.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Hey.
- Hey. sorry I'm late.
It took me forever to
find the right outfit.
but I think I nailed it.
Mm-hmm. sure did.
This was a great idea.
As much as I love Molly's.
sometimes a girl needs an
espresso martini or five.
I... I actually need to
tell you something.
I should have told you this sooner.
but. um. I'm just gonna get it
out right now.
in case you get so mad at me.
you don't wanna
- talk to me again.
- What?
That would never happen.
A couple months ago.
after my whole Sam spiral. um.
I slept with Vasquez.
I thought that
you and Frost were a couple.
And I had no idea that you
had a crush on Vasquez.
or I never would have done it.
I... I live by the girl code.
And you mean so much to me.
I'm so sorry I didn't
say anything sooner.
And just for the record. like.
there's nothing going on
between us anymore.
It was just a one night thing.
Vi. it is okay.
Like you said.
I was with Dr. John Frost.
and you were a free woman.
I mean. yeah. you could
have told me sooner. but...
- Yeah.
- I get it.
Okay.
Thank you for being so cool about this.
Espresso martinis on me all night.
I will take you up on that.
Hi. two espresso martinis. please.
Coming right up.
Okay. we have much more
important things to discuss.
like we get to meet
the new chief tomorrow.
and he sounds pretty tricky.
Cruz said things got
pretty tense between
Severide and Chief Hopkins.
Yeah.
So it sounds like the chief had
some personal beef with Benny
from back in the day
and was holding it against Kelly.
Do we know what it was?
No clue.
But it's probably
a good thing that Kelly's
going to the captain's training
for a couple of weeks.
It might give him a chance to cool off
because he was on the warpath.
Well. if this chief
thinks he's gonna get
between Severide and 51.
he's out of his mind.
No kidding.
Hey. the thing is.
Kelly gave me strict orders
not to tangle with Chief Hopkins.
just to stay above the fray.
You think you can pull that off?
I'm gonna do my damnedest.
Morning. Lieutenant.
Morning.
Is he treating you okay so far?
For sure.
In fact. if it weren't for him.
I might not still have my job.
He took care of it.
Okay. that's good to hear.
Well. I guess I better get in there
and introduce myself. huh?
All right.
Chief Hopkins. hi.
Stella Kidd.
It's good to meet you.
Right. Lieutenant Severide's wife.
That's right.
I've heard a lot of great things
about you from the brass. Lieutenant.
A star on the rise.
I appreciate that.
Some points of order.
I had Capp and Tony come in today.
Even though Squad is off. I
wanted them to work on the rig.
And I know Engine is off this shift.
I'll meet them next go round.
But I've been going through
personnel files for your truck.
and looks like you have a solid...
Truck 81. Ambulance 61.
structure fire. 731 East.
- Lead the way. Lieutenant.
- Yes. sir.
Good morning. Novak.
Hey. morning. How are you?
How's the Challenger?
- No complaints.
- That's good.
You know. I read somewhere that
old people prefer blue cars.
Old people don't drive Challengers.
Maybe some do. But what is old anyway?
- 70. 80?
- Right.
Anyway. I'll see you out there.
Is everyone out?
No. there's still people
in the operating room.
They were in the middle of surgery.
Main. what's our ETA on Engine 67?
- Right this way.
- ETA three minutes out.
- Primary search.
- Yep.
- And stay on your toes.
- All right.
Between the nitrous.
oxygen tanks. alcohol...
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Triage. by the rig.
- Use them for cover.
- Copy.
Everyone back behind the ambulance.
That explosion. it might
have been a storage room.
back right corner of the building
where we keep all the cleaning supplies.
- Where's your OR?
- Back left corner.
All right. Herrmann. Ballard.
find the fire. shut some doors.
Use these extinguishers
to give us some time
until that engine gets here.
Vasquez. you're with me. Let's go.
- Copy.
- 81. mask up!
Let's go.
Fire department. call out!
Hey. keep it contained.
All right. we're on it. Lieutenant.
- All right.
- Hey! Let's go!
Fire department. call out!
- Fire department. call out!
All right. let's go.
We can take care of your patient.
The doctor. he hadn't
finished with the sutures.
I'm an anesthetist.
I'm not certified to close.
It's okay. We got medics
outside that can take care of that.
Vasquez. you take the doctor.
- We'll be right behind you.
- Copy.
All right. let's tape that bandage up
and get her disconnected.
Hey. we gotta move. okay?
The fire's moving towards us. all right?
You got this. Let's go.
All right.
On three. One. two. three.
Hey. Chief. this fire
is spreading pretty fast.
We need that engine. Where is it?
Engine's landing. Everyone out.
Copy that. We're on the move.
- Let's go.
- Copy.
We gotta go. Let's move.
Stay low.
I need you out now. Kidd.
There she is.
Medic!
Hey. what are we looking at?
We were finishing a thyroidectomy.
It looks like the anesthesia
is wearing off.
She's got IV access.
We'll push 10 of Versed.
- Copy.
- Okay. we got it from here.
- Thank you. ma'am.
- I'll go with you.
She knows me.
It's all right. Hey. Let them take her.
She's in good hands.
All right. we gotta
get you checked out too.
You took in a lot of smoke.
Come on.
Hit it hard.
First line interior.
second line. cover the exposure.
Copy that. Let's go.
Hey. what's the update from Med?
Still touch and go
with the surgery patient.
but the doctor and the nurse
were both stable when we left.
That's something.
So they were mid procedure
when you found them?
Yeah. the nurse. she actually
stayed with the patient
to keep her from bleeding out.
It was pretty badass actually.
Listen up. people.
This just got serious.
What's wrong?
Well. we're facing a mortal enemy
that's trying to tear us apart.
Who?
Craig's. that dump they call a bar
down the street from Molly's.
they fired the first shot.
All right. so I need everybody
to clear their calendar tomorrow.
No excuses. okay?
"Half price drinks
now every Fri-yay at Craig's."
That's a good deal.
All right. if they think
that they're gonna poach
my best customers on
the busiest night of the week.
they got another thing coming.
It's actually think.
They got another "think" coming.
Wow. really? I've always said "thing."
Yeah. me too.
Whatever. the point is.
I'm not taking this lying down.
So starting tomorrow.
Molly's is launching
Friday Night Trivia.
All right. so I need you guys
just to get in some teams
and help pick up participation
for the game.
I call Tony on my team.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Tony's on my team.
Too bad. so sad. I already called him.
No. I've been listening to
Tony's useless facts for years.
and I am entitled to benefit
something from it.
No. you're not.
How about we just let Tony decide. hmm?
You're right. Great idea. Vasquez.
Tony. who would you
rather be on a team with?
I'm not playing.
What? Why the hell not?
Because every time
there's some kind of game.
you get too competitive
and you get mean.
I'll have no part.
What?
- He's not that good anyway.
- Yes. he is.
We didn't have time for
a proper morning briefing.
but I see why this house
has the reputation it does.
Solid work out there. 51.
- Thank you. Chief.
Hey. Lucy. you can tell Chief Hopkins
my incident report
will be in before lunch.
Oh. it's not that.
There's a call for you on the main line.
I asked for a name.
but all they would say
is that it's about the fire today.
This is Lieutenant Kidd.
The fire at Gateway Surgical Care?
It wasn't an accident.
Someone set that fire on purpose.
Who is this?
Please. just look into it
before they hurt more people.
Wait. who is they?
Who set the fire?
Her voice...
it sounded. I don't know. rattled.
She sounded scared.
like it could happen again.
Did you see anything inside the
clinic that would point to arson?
None of the obvious signs. no.
There was one point of origin.
no low burning.
no signs of hydrocarbons.
You seem pretty familiar
with the fire investigations
manual. Lieutenant.
Not exactly.
It's just Severide is pretty
good at this arson stuff.
I guess I must have
picked up a few things
from him along the way.
Hmm.
So why do you think
this anonymous whistleblower
called you instead of
going to law enforcement?
I don't know.
Could be someone from on scene.
someone we rescued.
Yeah. it makes sense.
They'd have a reason to know
who you are and to trust you.
The OR nurse.
That's the only woman
I interacted with directly.
Yeah. she seemed pretty
worked up about her patient
- when you brought her out.
- Exactly.
And the voice on the phone
said that she was trying
to prevent other people
from getting hurt.
That tracks.
I'd say the nurse
is a good place to start.
I'll let the brass know we're into it.
You loop in OFI
then head over to Med
and suss out the nurse.
Let's see if she's
the one who called you.
You got it. Chief.
Rock. paper. scissors. shoot.
- Yes!
- Damn.
Never throw rock on
the first go. Herrmann.
Okay. "Art of War." Just make your pick.
I call Capp.
Seriously?
I'm playing a strategy.
I'm gonna get you on the next one.
No. you're not. She's with me.
You're gonna be my Gen Z expert.
Bet.
Okay. uh...
I call. uh. Ballard.
I've seen you using Duolingo.
The wife wants to go to Italy
for our anniversary.
Aw.
You just made a big mistake.
I like your spirit. kid.
All right. welcome to Team Herrmann.
All right?
And we will see you all
at the Thunderdome.
Hey. you didn't need
to do that with Vasquez.
I mean. things don't have to be weird.
I won't be weird.
Yeah. no. you're right.
I won't be weird either.
Okay. good.
I probably should have
picked Vasquez. though.
I mean. maybe. but Ballard
is full of surprises.
Check out his Insta. The guy can dance.
Mikami. I just wanted to say.
thanks for believing in me.
Yeah. actually. I need you to
convince Tony to join our team.
Wait. is that why you picked me?
Yes. the man is a bottomless
pit of random facts.
We need him to win.
And he will listen to you.
Not right now. he won't.
We're in a fight.
What happened?
He cheated at mahjong.
And he refuses to admit it.
Okay. okay.
We'll make up the difference.
At least we have
the rest of shift to study.
Hey. Truck. let's go.
We're going for a ride.
I figured Van Meter was exaggerating.
No. Kelly got the top score
out of all 378 lieutenants
who took the captain's test.
No big surprise. I guess.
Makes sense he got tapped to run 51.
- You're the firefighter?
- Yes. Lieutenant Kidd.
- This is Captain Hargrave.
- Hi.
- Elizabeth. right?
- That's right.
How you holding up?
I'm okay.
They gave me an albuterol treatment
and I'm already breathing a lot better.
It's Mrs. Perkins
I'm worried about. my patient.
The last I heard. she still
hadn't regained consciousness.
Unfortunately. there's been no change.
She lives in the neighborhood.
We all know her
pretty well at the clinic.
Really nice lady.
Well. hopefully
she'll start to improve soon.
In the meantime.
we have a couple questions
that we wanted
to ask you about the fire.
What about it?
Well. I got a call a little while ago
at the firehouse. an anonymous tip
that the fire was set intentionally.
Yeah. that wasn't you
who called. was it?
No. absolutely not.
I don't even have my phone on me.
I left it in my locker
back at the clinic.
I'm sure it's still there.
Do you have any idea how
the fire might have started?
No. I...
What?
I'm not sure if this is...
Your patient is in critical condition
because of what happened.
If you know something...
I've never seen anything
with my own eyes.
but I've heard rumors.
What kind of rumors?
Complaints against Gateway.
people accusing the clinic
of being negligent.
not following health and safety
rules. that kind of thing.
Could some kind of safety lapse
have caused the fire?
Do you believe her?
I do.
Well. about the phone call. at least.
Because hearing her talk.
that definitely wasn't
her voice on the phone.
But the negligence thing.
if that's what it was.
why would somebody call it in as arson?
Maybe we should start by
determining if it was arson.
I'm gonna head back to the fire scene.
see what my techs have turned up so far.
- then we can get back...
- Main to Truck 81.
Person down of unknown causes.
1489 West...
That's me. I'll catch you after.
It's my dad. He's in here.
He was building me a storage closet.
It was his first time using a nail gun.
All right. hey. hey.
just stay as still as you can.
all right?
Okay. we can't remove the nail here.
We need to cut this section of post
and secure it for transport to Med.
Yeah. this is load bearing.
Yeah. all right. Herrmann.
Ballard. grab the struts.
Vasquez. grab the reciprocating saw.
You got it.
All right. hey. do your best
to stay still. all right?
We're gonna get you out
of here as soon as we can.
We just gotta get our medics
to check you out first.
- All right?
- Hey. sir.
How are you feeling?
Do you feel lightheaded at all?
No. but my hand's really throbbing.
Okay. that's actually a good sign.
That means that the nail isn't
cutting off any blood flow.
Novak. let's get him
25 mics of fentanyl.
- Copy.
- Struts coming in.
All right.
That's flush to the post.
Move a little closer.
There you go.
I'm gonna secure you in here.
It's all right. Just hang in there.
Deep breaths.
You good up there?
- Secure.
- All set.
Okay.
Hey. Vi. coming in with safety goggles.
Got it.
Sir. I'm just gonna give you
some goggles
to protect your eyes while they cut.
- Okay.
- Go.
- Okay. Vasquez?
- Ready for me?
Yep. get in there.
We'll hold him steady.
Let us know if you need more room.
No. we should be good.
Herrmann. you set?
- Go ahead. I got it.
- Yep. make the cut.
Done. Good.
Hey. pal. can you pass me...
ah. damn it.
You okay. Vasquez?
Yeah. yeah. I just cut myself on a nail.
All right. let's keep his arm
elevated and get him to Med.
Okay. let's brace this post.
pack up the struts.
I wanna stop by that surgery
clinic from this morning
- on our way back to the house.
- Okay.
That fire really put
a bee in your bonnet. huh?
Well. if Kelly were here.
he'd be all over it.
so I feel like I gotta do it
on his behalf.
- You needed me?
- Uh. yeah.
Can you tell Capp I need
the 1/2 inch ratcheting wrench?
You... you can't tell him that yourself?
Lucy. tell Tony I don't have it.
Tell Capp that's interesting.
since he was using it ten minutes ago.
Okay. all right. so what is
happening here?
I'm not talking to him
till after he apologizes
for cheating at mahjong.
You know that Chief Hopkins
expects this done
by end of shift. right?
Talk to him... I'm not the one
being a jerk.
You robbed my kong.
That was a legal move.
Okay. so I'm leaving before
this gets more embarrassing.
Over here. Lieutenant.
- That's where it started.
- Mm-hmm.
Based on the burn patterns.
this sink was the origin point.
which is an unusual place
for a fire to start.
Do we have an exact cause?
There was no trace
of solid fuel in the basin.
which means it was probably
a flammable liquid.
maybe a high concentration
alcohol cleaner.
Pour enough of it down the drain.
the fumes could be highly explosive.
But that also would have
made it dangerous to ignite
without a timing device.
And I take it we don't
have any evidence of one?
Mm-mm.
What about hot water heater?
Could the pilot light have
ignited the alcohol fumes?
It's certainly possible.
but I can't see an arsonist relying
on an unpredictable
ignition source like that.
They don't tend to
leave things to chance.
So either the fire ignited
some other way or...
It was an accident?
Captain. check this out.
- Damn.
- What?
See all the charring
on the inside of this pipe?
Mm-hmm. What does it mean?
The fire had to be about
2.000 degrees to cause this.
which almost certainly means
the fire was the result
of a chemical reaction.
If two reactive chemicals were
dumped down this drain together.
they'd have mixed in the trap.
Depending on the exact chemicals.
it could have been minutes
or hours. but eventually...
That's a major violation
in chemical handling procedure.
We actually just shut down
a dialysis clinic
for something similar last year.
So the question is. was it negligence?
Or did someone combine
these chemicals deliberately
to torch the place?
So...
we forced this door with
Halligans during the fire.
which means the doors were locked.
So whoever did this
must have had the keys.
Lucy. I didn't see
the ambo on the floor.
The medics made it back yet?
No. I just heard them
get sent off to another call.
Okay. well. if you see them get back.
let Novak know I'm looking for her.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
Can you tell me where
Chief Hopkins' office is?
Through here. I'll show you.
Thank you. I've got it.
Ooh. she didn't look
too happy. whoever she is.
Well. she's on her way
to see Chief Hopkins.
'Nuff said.
We'll pick this up later.
I got your message.
That was fast.
You made it sound
pretty important. André.
Didn't mean to worry you.
Please. sit.
You're the one I come to when I
need good counsel. You know that.
So this is your new castle.
Not much of a moat out front.
I have what I need.
Did you know Kelly Severide
has worked more arson cases
than anyone outside of OFI?
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
I told you this was a bad
idea working with Severide.
It's just gonna dredge
everything back up.
Benny Severide is dead.
Can't you let this go?
What happened with Benny
can't be dredged up
because it was never buried.
not for either of us.
After what he put us through.
it's a miracle
we managed to work our way up the ranks.
I may have rank.
but I'm just a glorified
desk jockey pushing papers at Personnel.
You're the one with sway.
Yeah. in a rare moment of it.
with so many chiefs fired
and power consolidating
to the few of us left.
So what exactly are you
planning to do with Severide?
That's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
I need your help.
Yes?
Mr. Creighton. hi. I'm Lieutenant Kidd.
I was at the fire earlier today.
Yeah. I remember. What's going on?
Well. this is Captain Hargrave.
and she's with the
Office of Fire Investigation.
Can we ask you a few questions?
Yeah. I was just about to...
you know. I am actually a little busy.
Pat. what are you doing?
I'm sorry. come on inside.
It's freezing out there.
It was you.
You're the one who called in the arson.
You did what?
Are you crazy?
Why would you do that
without telling me?
I'm sorry. I didn't think it would...
I didn't know what else to do.
I know you're scared
to get mixed up in all this.
but these people.
they almost killed somebody.
Who?
Helix Health Systems.
The hospital chain?
This guy. he's their
head of facilities. I think.
He comes to me a few months back.
right before a big health inspection.
He offered to pay me 5 grand
to make sure Gateway failed
the inspection.
Why would he do that?
Because we take too
much business from Helix
and the greedy sons of bitches
don't like it.
Tried to buy us out first.
Hell. they already gobbled up half
the independent clinics in Chicago.
But Gateway wouldn't sell.
so getting us shut down
by the health department
is plan B. I guess.
Pat's been at Gateway
for almost 20 years.
They've always taken good care of him.
And he prides himself on
taking care of them too.
You could eat off the floors
over there because of him.
So of course he told that
scumbag from Helix to piss off.
He must have got someone else to do it.
What did they ask you to
do exactly. Mr. Creighton?
I told them. dumping all those chemicals
together could start a fire.
He didn't care.
He said it had to be a little dangerous
to get Gateway shut down.
I should have told somebody.
If I'd have said something right away.
this never would have happened.
Okay. next category is Capitals.
The letters at the beginning
of a sentence.
No. the category is Capitals. as in...
Raleigh. Columbus. Nashville...
What are cities?
Okay. yeah. let's just move on.
Maybe we should take a break?
World History. and then
we can take a break.
You know. it's almost end of shift. so.
Okay. I'll make it a speed round.
Which ancient civilization
built the pyramids?
Aliens.
Seriously. Capp?
Saw it on The History Channel.
Okay. We'll stop there.
Um. but I expect you both to
study before tonight. okay?
'Cause losing is not an option.
Oh. damn. Lucy told me you
were looking for me yesterday.
but I forgot to come find you.
No worries. Took care of it.
Oh. that's gotta be the worst wrap job
I've ever seen in my life.
Here. Violet taught me this hack.
Um. for something like this.
you wanna use Kling instead of Kerlix
since it's more flexible.
Ouch. That is no cat scratch.
Eh. that's nothing. Barely felt it.
Okay. Wolverine.
You know. that's twice now
you've saved my life
with your medical know-how.
Started with my first shift here.
Well. you can just call me your hero.
- I won't tell anyone.
- Mm.
All right. no.
so the guy that I got to emcee.
he's a local trivia legend.
We call him "The Inquizitor."
Oh.
You got no idea what
you're up against. Mikami.
- Mm-hmm.
- Back me up. Team Herrmann.
Well. it ain't gonna be pretty.
No cap.
Well. while you have been
running your mouth all shift.
we have been studying.
And we've got 12 more hours to cram.
You think that I'm scared
of Tweedledum
and Tweedledum-er back there?
That does it. I'm out.
- What do you mean. you're out?
- Tony was right.
You get too competitive.
And you're just mean.
I'm joining Tony's team.
What about Tony cheating at mahjong?
Well. it turns out.
I read the rules wrong. okay?
Great. You just lost me a teammate.
We both got a bigger problem now.
We're going up against Tony.
How do we know he didn't
mishandle those chemicals
himself and now he's concocting
the story to duck the blame?
Well. we don't know. I guess.
But if that is what happened.
then why would his wife call
and raise suspicions about
the cause of the fire
in the first place?
- Doesn't make sense.
- And we did some digging.
Everything he said about Helix is true.
They've been aggressively buying
up smaller competitors for years.
I found a write-up in
the "Trib" from last October
where the owner of a small
neighborhood urgent care
accused Helix of trying to
bully and harass her into selling.
Even if it's true.
you still can't accuse
a giant company like Helix of a crime
without something concrete.
And right now. you don't have it.
We should have lab results
from the scene any minute now.
I'm hoping once we know the
exact chemicals that were used
and who had access to them.
that'll help us tighten the net.
Maybe.
But if I'm Helix's lawyer...
and you can bet your ass
they got an army of them...
I'd point you right back
to the negligence complaints
that Lieutenant Kidd said
Gateway was being accused of.
Without a smoking gun.
that's still the likeliest explanation.
You're totally right. Chief.
And the thing about that is.
there is actually only
one person who has ever said
anything about the supposed
negligence from Gateway.
Lieutenant?
You didn't know that
dumping those chemicals
would cause a fire. did you?
Because it was just supposed
to trigger a safety violation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Someone poured peracetic acid
down the same drain
where the high alcohol contact
cleaner is normally disposed of.
That's what caused the fire.
And we know that the peracetic acid
was in its own locked cabinet
in the storage room.
And as the nurse anesthetist.
you're the only one who had
access besides the janitor.
That's insane. I would never...
There's no way that you were trying
to hurt anybody. Elizabeth.
I saw the way that you
handled yourself in the fire.
You risked your life
to get your patient out.
You protected her.
I did not go in
the storage room yesterday.
That's all I have to say about this.
We got techs scouring it right now.
They're going to find more
evidence that puts you in that room.
We know there was an OSHA
inspection scheduled for this Friday.
I think it reasonable to assume you
only intended to sabotage that
inspection. not cause a fire.
And we're willing to
help you make that case.
but only if you come clean
and agree to testify
against whoever put you up to this.
They're the ones we're after.
Do you really think
these are the kind of people
who will protect you?
If Lieutenant Severide is the
one who taught you everything
you know about arson investigations.
he must be pretty damn good at it.
He is.
You have a very impressive
team here at 51. Lieutenant.
I'm glad to be a part of it.
That is correct.
All right. final question. Round three.
A little Chicago trivia for you.
Which famous American Patriot
is honored with a monument
at Lincoln Park?
- Win Diesel.
- Abraham Lincoln.
Ooh. sorry. That's incorrect.
What? It's literally
called Lincoln Park.
Lone Wolves.
The monument at Lincoln Park
is Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
That is correct.
And another round goes
to the Lone Wolves.
All right. players.
stretch your legs. grab a drink.
Final round starts in 10.
The Inquizitor is wrong.
I know there's a Lincoln Monument.
Well. there is.
but the Lincoln Monument
is at Grant Park.
And Grant's monument is at Lincoln Park.
Tony. that is a truly
useless piece of information.
Tell it to the scoreboard.
Would you judge me if I said
I'm not used to losing?
- Hey. I'm just keeping it real.
- This game is totally rigged.
The Inquizitor didn't ask
a single question
about "Dance Moms" or Sabrina Carpenter.
My genius is completely untapped.
Nothing sadder than wasted potential.
Yeah. you see this?
I've been driven to drink.
You want a refill?
Mmm. no. that's enough for me.
One more and I start making mistakes.
What's wrong with that?
You know. you were right. by the way.
It's a great wrap. Yeah. no unraveling.
Well. it's Violet's hack.
so you should thank her. not me.
It's just...
it's too bad you guys hooked up
because she's my best friend.
so that's that.
But you and me. we could have
had a really good time together.
Hey. girl. How's it going?
Not great.
Hey. Uh-oh.
Take it you're not on the leaderboard?
Well. at least we got a huge
crowd to come out. you know?
And that's all that I really care about.
Is it?
Hell. no. I came to win.
I heard that your investigation
panned out. though.
Yeah. yeah. I guess it did.
And did you tell Severide
about your pinch-hit home run?
Because I'm thinking that
he's beaming with pride.
Yeah. he really was.
But to be honest. it doesn't
really feel like a win.
Like. I'm glad Helix
is gonna have to answer
for what they did. but Elizabeth...
That's a head scratcher.
She is a great nurse.
She obviously cares about her patients.
She still wasn't able to make ends meet.
- That's messed up. isn't it?
- Eh. mm-hmm.
Not that it's not an excuse
for what she did.
but she obviously had
to have been struggling
pretty damn hard to have been
willing to go along with
Helix's scheme. you know.
just to put a few bucks in her pocket.
Well. I will bet that she was earning
more money than that janitor was.
and he said no.
Man. look. I don't know.
You know. some people.
they manage to live by a code.
And other people. not so much.
Hmm. yeah.
Yeah. well.
at least I got some
solid one-on-one time
with Hopkins over it.
Yeah. I think I softened
him up a little bit.
So you turned on
the ol' Stella Kidd charm?
Mm-hmm. Something like that.
Yeah.
I just hope. I don't know.
he'll ease up on Kelly
a little bit now. you know?
And then maybe they will actually
figure out a way to work together.
Yeah.
From your mouth to God's ears.
- Here's hoping.
- Yeah.
You're here bright and early again.
I told you. I am all-in on this job.
I'm just grateful to be here.
I'm glad to hear you say that because
there's something I need you to do.
Mm-hmm.
This needs to go over
to the CFD front office.
Of course. Chief. yeah.
Which department?
Internal Affairs.
Against Lieutenant Severide?
Is there a problem. Lucy?
No. sir.
I'll take care of it right away.
Good.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org